Update readme (#435)
vtex/faststore: README.md

> # FastStore 

Reviewer: I disagree with this name for a few reasons:
- Faststore is not a framework, we leverage several frameworks to build a **model of how to build a store**.
- Jamstack is the way we build it, and honestly I think this pattern will be even more common in the future, so putting it in the name at some point will become obsolete.

Perhaps OpenStore is the best option for now, as well as OpenCV, OpenCL, OpenNN... Since it refers to two things we want: Open Source and Ecommerce

> # FastStore 

Reviewer 2: @emersonlaurentino thanks for your points. I'll think more about it and share it with product marketing.

You must know that we aligned to use Store Framework to simplify how we communicate with retailers. As the Store Framework brand was already established AND Fast Store delivers to then the same values Store Framework does — fast implementation, CMS and now performance and real customization power. 

Store Framework is like VTEX signature for making storefront implementation easier. 

Just for me to keep thinking, do you think something like Store Framework OpenCL would be a better match?

> # FastStore 

Reviewer 3: Considering that this is a repository, I think we have the freedom not to use the commercial name, and as far as I know, not even the current Store Framework repositories have "store framework" in the name. I agree with Emerson that we should not have the "framework" term in the repository since it really isn't one, and giving this false idea to the devs might be harmful.

> # FastStore 

Reviewer: @VictoriaMolgado As much as the faststore has the same values ​​as the Store Framework, I believe we do it differently. Faststore is not a framework and I'm afraid to pass on the wrong idea to anyone who will use.

You could say something like Faststore the new Store Framework.

> # FastStore 

Author: Ok, so I think there is a miss-alignment in here. This repo is not related to VTEX or VTEX products in any manner. This is an open ecommerce implementation. In the future we could also support other ecommerce providers. 

Store Framework is a VTEX brand and refers to a broader platform for developing stores. This repo only contains building blocks. Store Framework is the one who glues them together in a nice way for VTEX

> # FastStore 

Reviewer 2: @tlgimenes 

Occurs to me that when we create a repo about VTEX technologies it must be related to VTEX and its products. Mostly because we want VTEX to be known for open source work, and a headless player! That said, we don really need to decide everything now, but relate to VTEX is strategic for us.

We want this effort to be known as a VTEX effort 😎 

Makes sense for you if we write our README considering that Store Framework Jamstack is the tool VTEX recommends when using the open commerce implementation flow?

> # FastStore 

Reviewer 2: @emersonlaurentino 
> I believe we do it differently. Faststore is not a framework and I'm afraid to pass on the wrong idea to anyone who will use it. 

I think that I understand, and I'll keep you informed about what product marketing is using for taking this decision. 

In short, consider that for the retailer what matters is the concept and the final value. We are not naming for who uses (developers) it, but for people who buy it (retailers). The name is not about the details, it is about the final value. 

Would you like to engage in a deeper discussion about it? I can invite you to a product marketing alignment for you to expose your points. I assume that, for now, I feel like we are too deep in the project, and _we know_ it is not a framework, but when it goes to the digital commerce shelf it may need a generic name. 

Important: the only thing that I know for sure is that the name for the developer must be the same name we communicate with the retailers who _choose to have a store on VTEX_, to ensure good communication among them.

> # FastStore 

Reviewer: yes, I want, invite me, please.

## An open ecommerce framework

> FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:

Reviewer: achieve or archive?
```suggestion
FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can archive:
```

> FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:

Reviewer 2: "Ship really fast stores using technologies you already know, CI/CD integration, and observability about your development work.

Store Framework Jamstack is an iteration over the VTEX open ecommerce framework. Built using modern technologies, it aims to deliver the assets necessary for a great storefront user experience. With these assets, you can achieve:"

> FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:

Author: ```suggestion
FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can achieve:
```

> FastStore is an open e-commerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom e-commerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
FastStore is an open e-commerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom e-commerce experience. With these building blocks you can achieve:
```

> FastStore is an open e-commerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom e-commerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
FastStore is an open ecommerce framework built using modern technologies that aims to deliver the building blocks necessary for creating your custom ecommerce experience. With these building blocks you can archieve:
```

- Multiregion stores with native internationalization support
- Great Performance (90+ on Google's page speed insights)
- SEO ready pages with Google's Rich Results support
- CMS managed content

> - JAMStack based (deploy with Netlify, Vercell and any other JAMStack platform)

Reviewer 4: I'm basing myself on:
- https://jamstack.org/
- https://www.netlify.com/jamstack/
- https://vercel.com/

```suggestion
- Jamstack based (deploy with Netlify, Vercel and any other JAMStack platform)
```

- Marketplace ready with support to millions of skus
- Intelligence via Google Analytics and GTM

> - Evergreen stores with our no-fork based approach

Author: Vamos deixar assim. A gente seta o futuro e depois chega la

> ## Why building FastStore?

Reviewer 2: Why use Store Framework Jamstack?

> ## Why building FastStore ?

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
## Why building FastStore?
```

> The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects claims to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactory. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should be straight to the point here. 

"Because ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a mus and personalization is the key. VTEX delivers a storefront framework that packages our expertise developing for ecommerce through ready to use building blocks, made for easily crafting production-ready multi-region marketplaces.

Store Framework Jamstack is more than code: it is about ecommerce knowledge and guidance.

> The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects clains to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactory. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects claims to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactory. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 
```

> The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects clains to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the e-commerce problem satisfactory. E-commerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 

Reviewer 4: Writing ecommerce as proposed on our #general channel on Slack.

```suggestion
The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects claims to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactory. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 
```

> After years of developing ecommerces, FastStore creators packaged all of this knowledge into easy, ready to use building blocks for crafting production ready, multi-region marketplaces.

Reviewer 2: Removing this paragraph and keeping only the first.

> After years of developing e-commerces, FastStore creators packaged all of this knowledge into easy, ready to use building blocks for crafting production ready, multi-region marketplaces.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
After years of developing ecommerces, FastStore creators packaged all of this knowledge into easy, ready to use building blocks for crafting production ready, multi-region marketplaces.
```

> The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects claims to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactory. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 
> 
> After years of developing ecommerces, FastStore creators packaged all of this knowledge into easy, ready to use building blocks for crafting production ready, multi-region marketplaces.
> 
> FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines to change the way you think and build ecommerces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web is a wild and noisy environment. Many projects claim to solve many different aspects of web development but none of them solves the ecommerce problem satisfactorily. Ecommerce is a very complex case where performance is a must, but personalization is the key. 

After years of developing ecommerces, FastStore creators packaged all of this knowledge into easy, ready to use building blocks for crafting production-ready, multi-region marketplaces.

FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines to change the way you think and build ecommerces
```

> 
> FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines for changing you way of thinking and building e-commerces

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines for changing you way of thinking and building ecommerces
```

> FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines for changing you way of thinking and building e-commerces

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
FastStore not only contains code, but knowledge and guidelines to change the way you think and build ecommerces.
```

> ## Project Philosofy

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Project philosophy
```

This project has a very well defined list of priorities. When solving an issue, a lower ranking priority must not degrade or override an upper ranking priority.
The priorities are:

> 1. Performance

Reviewer 2: Performance — we applied a server-side rending logic to load pages faster and made monitoring easer with our CI integration

Author: Not only SSR right ? Also shrinking the DOM, layout reflow, and static analysis

> This project has a very well defined list of priorities. When solving an issue, a lower ranking priority must not degrade or override an upper ranking priority.
> The priorities are:
> 
> 1. Performance
> 2. Stability - e2e tests are complete and make sure the critical paths are covered
> 3. No fork - Features should be delivered by dependencies and not by a store fork
> 4. Feature completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has a very well defined list of priorities. When solving an issue, a lower-ranking priority must not degrade or override an upper ranking priority.
The priorities are:

1. Performance
2. Stability - e2e tests are complete and make sure the critical paths are covered
3. No fork - Features should be delivered by dependencies and not by a store fork
4. Feature completion
```

> 4. Feature completion

Author: not `trough native blocks`, but having all you need to build your ecommerce experience with great SEO, Performance, Reliability and speed

> ## Why Jamstack and Gatsby ?

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
## Why Jamstack and Gatsby?
```

> ## Why JAMStack and Gatsby ?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Why Jamstack and Gatsby ?
```

> The main points of JAMStack are performance and stability. This is very well aligned to our core philosofy. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The main points of Jamstack are performance and stability. This is very well aligned to our core philosophy. 
```

> Gatsby has a very mature plugin system where the `No Fork` philosophy can be implemented via Gatsby Themes and Shadowing. Also, Gatsby is very aligned with performance by implementing the PRPL architecture.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something more straight to the point 2: "Gatsby has a philosophy where customization can be implemented via Gatsby Themes and Shadowing, making it easier. Also, Gatsby is very aligned with our performance concerns by implementing PRPL architecture."

Author: I prefer @iaronaraujo suggestion. I think it's important to mention both

> Gatsby has a very mature plugin system where the `No Fork` philosofy can be implemented via Gatsby Themes and Shadowing. Also, Gatsby is very aligned with performnance by implementing the PRPL architecture

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Gatsby has a very mature plugin system where the `No Fork` philosophy can be implemented via Gatsby Themes and Shadowing. Also, Gatsby is very aligned with performance by implementing the PRPL architecture.
```

> ## Continous Performance and Stability

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
## Continuous Performance and Stability
```

> Maintaining the FastStore performance and stability is a key element. For this, using Lighthouse CI and Cypress in your CI/CD pipeline is recommended. 

Reviewer 2: Store Framework Jamstack

> We provide base setup for both platforms so you can easily add then to you CI/CD platform

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We provide a base setup for both platforms so you can easily add them to your CI/CD platform.
```

## Docs

> We are still missing many docs and guides, however some of them are available at the `docs` folder. Available docs are:

Reviewer 2: "Store Framework Jamstack docs are under development. For now, the available docs are:"

> We are still missing many docs and guides, however some of them are available at the `docs` folder. Available docs are:
> 
> - **Architecture**: learn more about this project's architecture
> - **Component**: learn how to develop a reusable component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are still missing many docs and guides, however some of them are available in the `docs` folder. Available docs are:

- **Architecture**: learn more about this project's architecture
- **Component**: learn how to develop a reusable component
```

## Contributing

> This is still a work in progress, however, if you are also a wild person, you can read the code and have some fun!

Reviewer 3: 2 pontos aqui:

1. Ia ser bom detalhar mais como a pessoa poderia contribuir, tipo "veja nossas issues e comece a codar", ou "Tire dúvidas através da nossa aba de discussions!". Como eu n sei muito bem como que vai ser o fluxo caso alguem realmente queira contribuir, eu acho melhor @tlgimenes e @emersonlaurentino pensarem em como ficaria essa parte!
2. A gente vai suar "wild" mesmo 😂? Será que "adventurous" ou algo do tipo num cola melhor? Eu fortemente sugiro a gente pensar nisso com cuidado.

Author: This is still a work in progress. We are still figuring out ways of people contributing

> This is still a work in progress, however, if you are also a wild person, you can read the code and have some fun !

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This is still a work in progress, however, if you are also a wild person, you can read the code and have some fun!
```

| @vtex/gatsby-plugin-graphql  | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-graphql.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-graphql)
| @vtex/gatsby-plugin-i18n     | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-i18n.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-i18n)
| @vtex/gatsby-plugin-nginx    | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-nginx.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-nginx)
| @vtex/gatsby-plugin-theme-ui | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-theme-ui.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-plugin-theme-ui)
| @vtex/gatsby-source-vtex     | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-source-vtex.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-source-vtex)
| @vtex/lighthouse-config      | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Flighthouse-config.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Flighthouse-config)
| @vtex/store-ui               | [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-ui.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-ui)

> ## Who's using FastStore ?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Who's using FastStore?
```

> These are the clients running in production with FastStore:

Reviewer 3: Trocar o FastStore aqui tbm

> These are the clients running in production with FastStore

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
These are the clients running in production with FastStore:
```
